https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-14357 Update errata.adoc (#6947)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/errata.adoc

See link:../install/upgrade_hub.adoc#upgrading-by-using-the-operator[Upgrading by using the operator] for more information about upgrades.

== Errata 2.10.6

> * Fixes an issue with updates to the `ManagedCluster` object that prevented the hub template results from bring found with a search. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-13370[ACM-13370])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue with updates to the `ManagedCluster` object that prevented the hub cluster template results from being found with a search. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-13370[ACM-13370])
```
